docs: Update instructions to run the validator (#1115)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: docs/USAGE.md

| ---------- | ----------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-i`       | `--input`                     | Conditionally required | The path to the GTFS file (e.g., `/myDirectory/gtfs.zip`). Required if `-u` or `--url` is not provided.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `-u`       | `--url`                       | Conditionally Required | `--url` or `-u`: the fully qualified URL to the GTFS file (e.g., `https://www.abc.com/gtfs.zip`). Required if `-i` or `--input` is not provided.                                                                                                                                         |

> | `-o`       | `--output`                    | Required               | Path where the validation report will be stored (e.g., `output`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-o`       | `--output`                    | Required               | Path to where the validation report will be stored (e.g., `output`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

| `-s`       | `--storage_directory`         | Optional               | Target path where to store the GTFS archive. Downloaded from network (if not provided, the ZIP will be stored in memory).                                                                                                                                                                |
| `-c`       | `--country_code`              | Optional               | Country code of the feed, e.g., `nl`. It must be a two-letter country code (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2). (e.g., `ca`, `us`). It can be either lower or upper case (e.g. `FR` or `GP`). If the country code is provided, phone numbers will be validated based on it.                             |
| `-h`       | `--help`                      | Optional               | Print help menu.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `-t`       | `--threads`                   | Optional               | Number of java threads to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-t`       | `--threads`                   | Optional               | Number of threads to be used by Java to run the validator.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
